that's not oh my god that's really long
I'm so glad we're playing Mario Kart oh
god damn it I thought a verse this
morning she's supposed to hold the
button that's so stupid
but I got a no need to hold about you
feel it in your heart Pat no I want sick
burnouts oh god you guys are such
fucking assholes all right well there's
more science fun you're visible I think
he's such a sick dream if I had a pen a
ghost I'm invisible
what's the worst thing in the world come
on it's happy everything's great
it's actually a black boy yeah it is a
black boy we are racing to a good news
oh come on damn it Wow where are you
guys
god damn it I blue overachiever so
cheating so goddamn hard ahead of us oh
my god these fucking funkotron so hard
crying my god they're ginger seeking
oh my god